If I say, he wants me to take him,
But don’t I promise you to believe it?
Mr. Li, it’s like he shot us out of favor.
Do you think we can have a relationship with the North General God King?
Yes, I have to thank Mr. Zhan for letting me deal with Suzujia!
Otherwise, how could it be possible for Quan Xiang to put our favor on the line with the superiors?
But why should Quan Xian help Ling Jia?
But I'm sorry that I didn't help you deal with that nonsense like Zhan Tiancheng this time.
Zhan Tianchen is just a fool to let others sing
Those who are in control of their youth
I have to tell what happened between the God Kings in Beijing
tell father
Let my father
Do you really want to be the head of the household?
Give it to Mr. Lin, that little friend, right?
Now the Lin family's Weina has been lifted
It's time to host the family for Duohui. Don't worry.
I have asked old friends from the Yuncheng business community
Send him an invitation from the Chamber of Commerce
Master Yun and the others are going to the chamber of commerce
You and him take a step back
I will show up again later to host the house as
I'll bite back a bit of Yingmi
Mr. Xiao, aren’t you Dai Jing?
Ying'er, I came here specifically to apologize to you.
Something happened to the Ling family last time
Although I can't borrow money
But I found all the authoritative connections in Beijing
Let them go to Yuncheng to help.
So, Miss Soft and Quan Xiang
I have zero connections to help.